Add configurations/kafkacluster (#82)
banzaicloud/koperator-docs: README.md

# koperator-docs
Documentation for Koperator - the operator for managing Apache Kafka on Kubernetes

> This repo contains the documentation for the Koperator, which is the open-source core of SDM.

Reviewer: Personally I wouldn't mention SDM here, it is out of context and sounds like advertisement which is discouraging even if valuable from a marketing standpoint.

> This repo contains the documentation for the Koperator, which is the open-source core of SDM.

Author: I have removed the whole "This repository contains the documentation for Koperator, which is the open-source core of SDM."

> - The _master_ branch contains the public documentation of Koperator, published at https://banzaicloud.com/docs/supertubes/kafka-operator/

Reviewer 2: At the moment the koperator docs are published to the banzai site from the master branch, and to the Calisti docs site from the supertubes-integration branch. I hope that soon there will be a decision about where the open source docs will move from the banzai site. (Though probably we'll still have to have two branches, one for the open source site, and one internal for the commercial one.)

> - The _supertubes-integration_ branch contains the Koperator docs for Calisti. The different branches are needed because of the different release schedule of Koperator and Calisti, and the path/url differences between the public Koperator docs and Calisti. The Calisti docs is published at [https://smm-docs.eticloud.io/sdm/koperator/](https://smm-docs.eticloud.io/sdm/koperator/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The _supertubes-integration_ branch contains the Koperator docs for Calisti. The different branches are needed because of the different release schedules of Koperator and Calisti, and the path/url differences between the public Koperator docs and Calisti. The Calisti documentation is published at [https://smm-docs.eticloud.io/sdm/koperator/](https://smm-docs.eticloud.io/sdm/koperator/).
```

> - The _supertubes-integration_ branch contains the Koperator docs for Calisti. The different branches are needed because of the different release schedule of Koperator and Calisti, and the path/url differences between the public Koperator docs and Calisti. The Calisti docs is published at [https://smm-docs.eticloud.io/sdm/koperator/](https://smm-docs.eticloud.io/sdm/koperator/).

Reviewer: Same note for mentioning Calisti as for SDM.
